The third brother will start over there
I'm going to take a look now
You need to leave half and type half
Need half keep half
What do you mean?
Is it a melon?
I only eat half at a time.
I have to stay for the other half at night to eat hahaha
Maybe it's rice.
I can only eat half a bowl every time.
I guess it must be money
Isn't money just half used and half kept?
No no no I guess it's food
Don't you panic if you have surplus food at home?
Can't you guess?
Who just bragged about his literary talent?
Hey, he is the prince, Qin Feiyang
It's not that I heard that he repeatedly saw the void for the court
Talent unmatched
I can't even guess a lantern riddle.
Yes!
It's just like that when I see you today, hahaha.